Hi guys, how are you? I'm going there today.
start a new style of video that I
was creating a time in which
I 'll tell you guys to get dressed.
I do not like those videos and the like
related to the literature normally and
put a little that I found of
each of them and will not propose the
periphery where specific city when
have some 20 next to the cvm show
You, then, the first thing I
wanted to process the map magazine but they
maybe from here the first issue the second
I think it should come out a new and
proposal is to discuss literature in various
elements then do not have both things
more classic like renault thirds
various types and evening
She was very beautiful and she brings so many
thirds of people cmed from here
writing as texts produced dani
I agree a force or, and at times, art is
a cool graphic design and I liked it
many of the texts in this list of files
a very interesting selection I 'll go
leave a link or else to
find more information about it
anima and another magazine that I wanted
also indicate is the cut are starting to
launch this special edition of great
interviews interview selections
that have passed through the magazine is
The one that has to comment is the book
saramago
It's cool, and I think it's cool, too.
all the more that I've read
very cool interview
so if anyone is interested in the province
Interesting people.
Another thing they called me to
me that of a monograph that studied
bit the subtle graphic part some
simple cosac but I found it well
interesting I think that for those who
is interested in it for this part
graphic edition of books can also
I think it's cool, never let it down.
Another cool thing that's happening is
a promotion of written literature were
all women
so I 'll leave a simple exam
I also have male who is promoting
Juliana Brina, who already had
and a more urgent bill
women of 2014 also increase
publishing things to the actor
wrote a text in the afterword
about this I'll leave the following
to cheer
I find it interesting because I already felt
that last year lagged like me
I have many books by male authors and
few of women authors
So anyway I think it brings a
inspiration brings tips from other illegal
So it might be a good idea of love.
conferred on written by
women and I wanted to indicate no one says
which were the texts published in the newspaper
draft over alice moron
I thought it was nice talking a little more
about her madness then if they
will also stagnate but a link that I
I wanted to show you guys a story.
published in the newspaper Economic Value at
column a little about work in the
your riff who is a literary agent here
in Brazil and who is the one who takes care of
majority of our most famous authors
say so and how a little there is
very deep but when a
a little about her work then
they left everything the same
I finally wanted to suggest a little trick
of a new book by José Carrascosa and
It is published I did not cheat by
cosac naify this in a snippet of it in
Gringa magazine then it's in English
but I found an excerpt from a
very beautiful sensitivity of
basically I'll buy a book
as soon as he leaves because he really
it was not enough then we will have
in box
well I hope you like me
then comment on what you thought
you like these videos or not to
to know if I do but of these your
indications of nano books is this and
want to send me links to
cheat here is such a feat is facebook
a cheap beauty indications of yourselves and
to the floor